JinSoul: Hello!
Choerry: We have a last film shooting in studio today!
Kim Lip: We practiced rally hard yesterday!
Kim Lip: So my muscles are aching all over!
JinSoul: Everyone, don't make any mistakes today!
JinSoul: And just finish the shooting at once!
Choerry: Fighting~
Kim Lip: 1 shot 1 kill!
JinSoul: 1 shot 1 kill!
JinSoul: Well, shall we move on?
Kim Lip: Go go!
(An earthquake transition!)
JinSoul: Today's outfit is
JinSoul: The same clothes we dressed in LA! It looks really cheerful!
JinSoul: Our song is lively ans sweet so...
JinSoul: We have to lift ourselves up before start the MV shooting!
JinSoul: But.. how to lift the mood up?
Kim Lip: We need to eat~
JinSoul: Nope.
JinSoul: I am sure there's other ways to make us happy..
Choerry: How?
JinSoul: Well...
(No Eat, No Happy...)
Kim Lip: We need to go for the MV shooting now!
Kim Lip: Let's go!